 Data Types in Javascript include 
        1. Numbers 
        2. Strings
        3. Boolean
        4. Undefined
        5. Null
        6. Object

There are three ways to assign values to variables
        1. var    
        2. let
        3. const

        1. var - allows for the value of the variable to change 
            as time goes on
        2. let - is a declaration and does not change as var.
            It can only be change if redefined in another environment or block
        3. const - stands for constant and cannot change

Case Sensitivity (07-08-2023) 
        1. JavaScript is case sensitive
        2. You may find freecodecamp.org useful
        3. Create a branch on GitHub
        4. Variable names should not begin with numbers or special characters
        5. Use camel case style in variable naming e.g. lastName

We downloded node 
        1. 'cd ~' takes the computer back to the root folder
        2. Installing a software in the root folder enables its usage anywhere on that computer
        3. npm install -g npm

Categories of Data Types
        1. Primitive: form the fundamentals
            i. Numbers
            ii. Strings
            iii. Boolean
            iv. Arrays
            v. Object

        2. Non-Primitive
            i. Null 
            ii. Undefined


Assignment (07-08-2023) 
        1. Create a string variable for each of the operators used i.e.
            i. Addition (+)
            ii. Subtraction (-)
            iii. Multiplication (*)
            iv. Division (/)
            v. Quotient (%)

        e.g. myAddString = "myFirstNum + mySecNum = "


Increment and Decrement (07-08-2023)

Second Assignment 07-08-2023 
        Use CSS Grid to produce five boxes, four on the first row 
        and the last on the second row
        Create a new git repo and push the assignment